c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.g.resources
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\bin\Debug\VozDeColor.exe
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\bin\Debug\VozDeColor.pdb
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.exe
c:\users\bea5t\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.pdb
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.exe
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.pdb
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\bin\Debug\VozDeColor.exe
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\bin\Debug\VozDeColor.pdb
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.g.resources
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\BEAST\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.exe
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.pdb
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\bin\Debug\VozDeColor.exe
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\bin\Debug\VozDeColor.pdb
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.g.resources
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\VS\Projects\VozDeColor\VozDeColor\obj\x86\Debug\VozDeColor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
